---
layout:       post
title:        "The wonderful trip in Finland"
subtitle:     ""
date:         2017-11-23 10:34:35
author:       "Albert"
header-img:   "img/2017-11-23-The-wonderful-trip-in-Finland/2017-11-23-The-wonderful-trip-in-Finland-h.jpg"
header-mask:  0.3
catalog:      false
---

**The** island of Turku, is a pure country. Reuters villa hidden in parainen Islands (Parainen) in deep forests, all over the island of the setting sun, the Dai jade plated with a thin layer of gold. The clouds of its own elegant charm, not like him like absolutely brilliant, but also face applied a layer of gray glaze powder, standing quietly in the micro awn. The housewife is Mrs. Eva carefully prepared our dinner, decades of a life that she had a dust color, asked her why she grow here, turn fried lamb chops hand suddenly shake, waved sleeves as cents, "probably because there are the most primitive scenery, can bring to me the most pure and happy." Eva said, a smile out of the sink in the wave light twilight, only to find her eyes fixed at the moment such as deep, warm smile but if water, like spreading in front of her 1000 are blue and 10000 in the jungle, for a time, but it is not clear whether the scene more or more elegant and extraordinary.
The "atypical" summer days in Finland.

**We** came to Finland in early July, Finland is warm, but do not want to have such skin penetration midsummer drilling bone like moving "freeze", but also because of this, Finland talent is more they experience a variety of unique here "atypical" summer experience, for example, "the top of midnight sun in the wild animals infested pines hiking or canoeing." Finland Tourism Bureau Public Relations and media Commissioner Sari said at the time, the circulation of eyes shine with blurred color strongly fragrant summer spectacular.

**Indeed**, in many of the descriptions of Finland's summer days, they are called "atypical". Summer in Finland reservoir in the rain ruined and mutual urge hill sea facies on alternate natural immensity, hidden in the lakeside vacation home scale free and quiet, hidden in the terrace bar raise and bustle; also hidden in the middle of the night breeze solution sunny silence. But we can become a staple of the journey and personality independent of the Finns, their pure and innocent eyes were moving world hospitality attracts every traveler with reciprocating tracing footsteps, become vivid mark on the journey.

>The story of Finland fort

**As** a port city, almost half of Helsinki is covered by seawater. Many of the Gulf, ports and islands extend their charm and human footprint. The most popular smell is the open air free square. The free square is located in the center of the city center. People come and go in the old way to present the pattern of the past. The stalls and reindeer related souvenirs to attract tourists to stop, and those berries berry is shining and flowers are all colorful; unbridled blossoming in full bloom, demon red. The bank has two vendors directly to the stalls in the boat, the sale of seafood with re structured boatman almost harsh, can be at a glance. One who is clearly seen regulars, mouth light purse, just a shallow arc, will make people feel warm from the heart. Here, the cost of space-time crossing is very low, and the port's yacht and ferry, like a single artery, send travelers and residents to the archipelago, and bring them back to the city.

**Only** 15 minutes to reach the "Finland fort" Austria Su Linna from open free market by ferry, built on a small island off the coast of Helsinki in the 250 years ago, the world heritage in the hand of Oakes Martin. Originally the Swedish burger built in the middle of the eighteenth Century, it became one of the largest military fortress of sea defense in the world. From the Rhone Island (Lonna) from afar, several main island large tracts of clouds raging like a storm, it seems to be out of the sky and the earth into bondage. The wharf barracks on it were a piece of pink. From an Orthodox Church is the jungle insert day, its unique hidden in the top of the church in the lighthouse. And then look into the distance, even a Biye looking pale green, stacked like mountains, strands of sunlight like a swimming dragon, afternoon break Uncirculated air, drilling through the thick clouds, the plating is "the sword of Gustaf, the bunker, weekdays looks simple majestic King door and the fort at the moment but micro Xi dream faint, shiny. The guide told us: "the important reason was Aokesiding built Fort Finland is the invasion of foreign defense. As the symbol of the fort of Finland, the king's gate for the parade was built in the place where the king of Sweden visited the project in 1752, and was anchored by boat. "

>The surprise of the Turku Islands

**In** summer, the other destination for many tourists to Turku is to enjoy the time in the islands around Turku. It is only half an hour to drive, and we return to the natural embrace of the history of Turku's bitterness and happiness, such as the history of the wind. Natali is a good place for tourists to release their childishness. This old wooden house has a unique style of archipelago. Through the town to Kai Luo island between Long Bridge Park, Moomin conjures a park in Finland, a famous writer of children's literature written by Tove Janson cartoon characters Moomins as the theme, providing hands-on experience activities and exploration for the people. We found that: adults love to visit the Elmar theatre music repertoire, cartoon characters and scenes can frighten everyone my years of stagnant water, fill the adult world of nothingness and moved; while the child is love into the house or Mo Li Moomin house, and costumes take pictures of characters.

**Turku** is an archipelago of 20 thousand islands and solitary rocks, islands of the West like arms, from inland to the sea near Sweden stretched out, because of the proximity of Sweden's sake, the area residents can speak two languages of Finland and sweden. Turku Tourism Bureau, blue daily language is Swedish, she can only enjoy the island life by eyes, as the island's only households, she is worthy of the name "daozhu". "There are no expensive attractions on the Turku islands. There are only quiet private houses, changing sea and land scenery, and various birds that live near us. She said, face and voice are as clean as well. And when we had followed her into the nouvo Islands (Nauvo) deep in the woods, she was aware of the meaning of words. A midsummer afternoon, everything grows in brilliant color Huaguang, we along the winding trail in the shadows in the stack walk, saw the towering pines year side, leaves fluttering, like the giant umbrella, guarding the tree under the new fruit of blueberry. I see you off Ke mud as fertilizer, nourish the earth; as well as the floor of the moss is present a kind of not by the world contain beauty, from time to time the birds like from another world transit, caused by a gust of wind in the bushes, all of the original such as the beginning of the world.

**On** foot and a half days after, Sari took us to the islands, Reuters, parainen villa experience authentic Finland sauna. When we are at the scene in the sauna room and high temperature continuous switching between sea water, body like through a layer of filter, no haze became, dust-free outside. This Finland summer evening still accept the sun exposure in front of us, and frankly, the ancient forest, the vast eyes as wild; behind us, the three, and not the night all day; night sky high, clouds like smoke. I sit in the sauna room, the air static, semi squinting, contemplating tomorrow, as well as the hostess like Eva, he lived in seclusion forest drifting raft!
